with all the banded members below in the
den one of the stripes decides to take
his chance he comes dangerously close to
the den entrance butchering shadow spot
him and they're having none of it
the chase is on when they return
something is wrong
the pups are alone and Missy B has
vanished
despite being rumbled the striped males
haven't gone far butcher and shadow
extremely anxious and stay on high alert
keeping a watch for their rivals who are
still lurking in the background
butcher checks on the pups thankfully
they're safe and seemingly oblivious to
the outside threat miss EB however is
still nowhere to be seen shadow and
butcher spots and Mongoose coming out of
the bushes and seemed confused it is the
stripe males but they're with miss EB
and clearly up to no good
perhaps the mix of senses what's
confusing butcher and shadow receptive
females will often mate with males from
other packs during territorial fights
but this is particularly brazen
you see B and the stripe males move
closer to the den eventually Missy B is
separated from the stripes and ushered
back now it's a straight fight between
the males and working as a team butcher
and shadow set about seeing the stripes
off once and for all
despite his limp butcher doesn't pull
any punches with the family honour at
stake he has to fight on
it looks as if he strategy might be
working and butcher returns to the den
to check the pups again but he knows the
strike boys could return at any moment
with violent consequences